---
layout: default
title: 2024-08-24 TAC Meeting Record
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
nav_exclude: true
---
<mark>_Copy this template to the subdirectory for the current year and name the file `YYYY-MM-DD-TAC-meeting-record.md` (e.g., `2023-02-02-TOC-meeting-record.md`). Update the information above to change the `title` (e.g., `2023-02-16 TOC Meeting Record`, the `parent` to `YYYY` (e.g., 2023), the `grand_parent` to `Meeting Minutes`, and remove the `nav_exclude` line. Update the links below to reflect the appropriate image location (e.g., `../images/`). Text between `<mark></mark>` are instructions. Please remove when section has been completed._
</mark>

# Agenda
1. Approve previous minutes
2. PQ Code package TSC
5. New business
6. Misc
  - Workgroups
  - OS summit conference
  - Blogs
  - vice-chair election 

# Announcements
None

# Presentation

None

# Decision

# Discussion

0. New faces

- Yarkin Doroz []
	- PhD cryptography
	- Lattice-based cryptography

- Mariam John [IBM]
	- Learn about PQCA
	- Did work on HAProxy
	- OQS provider 

1. Approve previous minutes

Merged minutes:
https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/blob/gh-pages/meeting-minutes/2024/2024-04-24-TAC.md

2. PQ Code package TSC

* PQ Code package first TSC meeting tomorrow 2024/05/09
* Agenda proposed
* ML KEM implementations
	- embedded implementations 
* building up
* invitation: PQCA.org click on calendar 
* https://pqca.org/calendar/

5. New business

None

6. Misc
	- Workgroups
		- Security
			- next meeting with OpenSSF presentation
			- Scorecard adoption
			- CVE process
			- CI initiatives
			- Blog on sec vulnerability in LF: 
			- New GH repo and mailing lists for Algo / Sec
				- Links from Naomi
		- Algo
			- Setup 
			- Looking for leadership 
		- CBOM
			- Notes in issue for tools 
			- Capturing and cataloging CBOM
			- Submitting these CBOM or processes to the upstream projects
			- Asking Matt Rottowski or Michael Osborne to present CBOM
			- Ask for presentation via comment with vote
  - OS summit conference coming up
		- OS Summit Vienna
		- RWC 2025
  - Blogs
		- DRAFT blog: https://docs.google.com/document/d/11o52ZeuK8BnEbJn0pzUnnz465HHfViSDaPdvm81LmMY/edit
		- Review committee: looking for volunteer
			- Look for at least three people 
			- Issue on this asking for volunteers
  - Vice-chair election
	  - Result pending
	  - Waiting for members to approve charter changes
	  - Nominations open

# Action items

Action items

 ## Done (from previous minutes)

 ## Old

 ## New

 * [ ] Docs / Education / Website --- look at PQ Code package as example [Nigel]
 * [ ] Lifecycle document <link>
 * [ ] Create GH issue for content reviewers [Naomi]
 * [ ] Summary for security workgroup [Nigel]
 * [ ] SBOM / CBOM interest query [Nigel]

# Recordings

* [Recordings are available on your Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings

# Upcoming TAC meetings

[Please check the calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)

# Attended by

## TAC members

Norman, Sam, Sophie, and Brian attended

* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM
* [ ] Sam Stanwyck, NVIDIA
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc.
* [x] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ

## Additional attendees

Add here
