---
layout: default
title: 2024-04-03 TAC Meeting Record
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
nav_exclude: true
---
# Agenda
1. Antitrust note [Max]
2. Any intro to new faces [all]
3. State of the board and elections [Max]
4. Logistics etc
   a. Agenda and minutes (Google Doc?)
   b. Discussions platforms (Discord, Github, etc)
   c. Co-chair
   d. Next meeting
5. Hackathon results [Nigel]
6. Working Groups [Max]
   a. Algorithms
   b. Education / Website
   c. OQS
7. Tooling
8. Security governance
9. Project lifecycle
10. Project assurance level

# Discussion

* Need to select a vice-chair
  a. Agreed to move to mailing list and elections
  b. Max nominated Brian Jarvis (AWS)
  c. Others can self-nominate or nominate others
  d. Ry will set voting to decide vice-chair before next meeting
* Logistics
  a. Use GH (like Hyperledger) for agenda and minutes
     i. Ry proposed process and created entry for first meeting
  b. Mailing list for announce of agenda and minutes 
  c. Use GH discussions for project and discord for 
* Hackathon results
  a. Nigel updates [link to PDF presentation](https://hackathon.pqcodepackage.org/202404/summary.html)
  b. Schedule next hackathon
  c. Challenge is to address Asian, European, American
  d. Perhaps two separate meetings
* Working groups
  a. OQS already started and doing well
  b. For PQ code package the following projects
    i. Algos
    ii. Tooling and misc
    iii. Education / Website / Docs
  c. Security governance (as proposed by Emily)
* Project lifecycle [Hart]
  a. Hart shared template lifecycle that takes from Hyperledger and other projects  [link to doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NV-0vNgXWdc81oqT0jv0C-9Funb8dySS06u90ghF-X4/edit?usp=sharing)
  b. This group should make suggestions and changes as appropriate 
* Project assurance [Norman]
  a. Include in project lifecycle
  b. What assurances we want to propose is included into our lifecycle and that projects will follow
  c. APIs discussions

# Action Items

* [x] Email mailing list to elect vice-chair [Max]
* [x] Document the minutes into GH repo and get approval and share in mailing list [Max]
* [ ] Schedule next hackathon meeting [Nigel]
* [ ] Propose the 3 new working groups:  Algos, Tooling / Misc, and Docs / Education / Website as issues [Max]
* [ ] Review lifecycle document and include assurance into template doc [All]

# Recordings

* [Recordings are available on your Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings

# Upcoming TAC meetings

[Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)

# Attended by

* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM
* [ ] ~~Sam Stanwyck, NVIDIA~~
* [ ] ~~Sophie Schmieg, Google~~
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc.
* [x] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ
* [x] Douglas Stebila, U. Waterloo
